before they the Silicon based robots
will be better than humans
more morally valuable superhumans but
that's false they will never create
anything new because not one of their
programs can do what a person can do
namely create
or rather if any of the programs could
create something completely new
then none of the other ones would be
needed needed because that single
program is a knowledge creating program
and so you wouldn't have to pre-load it
with all these other things and you
could preload it with all these other
things
but what would be the point because once
the once you load it with the artificial
general intelligence program
it then is a person and if you try and
force any other kind of learning onto it
well that's coercion that's saying
here's what you need to learn but what
if you loaded all those others and then
you loaded the AGI program same problem